• What is Redux?
==>Redux is an open-source JavaScript library used to manage application state. React uses Redux for building the user interface. It was first introduced by Dan Abramov and Andrew Clark in 2015.

React Redux is the official React binding for Redux. It allows React components to read data from a Redux Store, and dispatch Actions to the Store to update data. Redux helps apps to scale by providing a sensible way to manage state through a unidirectional data flow model. React Redux is conceptually simple. It subscribes to the Redux store, checks to see if the data which your component wants have changed, and re-renders your component.

Redux was inspired by Flux. Redux studied the Flux architecture and omitted unnecessary complexity.

Redux does not have Dispatcher concept.
Redux has an only Store whereas Flux has many Stores.
The Action objects will be received and handled directly by Store.
• What is Redux Thunk used for?
==>Redux Thunk middleware allows you to write action creators that return a function instead of an action. The thunk can be used to delay the dispatch of an action, or to dispatch only if a certain condition is met. The inner function receives the store methods dispatch and getS
• What is Pure Component? When to use Pure Component over
Component?
==>A React component is considered pure if it renders the same output for the same state and props. For this type of class component, React provides the PureComponent base class. Class components that extend the React. PureComponent class are treated as pure components.
• What is the second argument that can optionally be passed
tosetState and what is its purpose?
==>The second parameter to setState() is an optional callback function that will be executed once setState is completed and the component is re-rendered. componentDidUpdate should be used instead to apply such logic in most cases. You may directly pass an object as the first argument to setState instead of a function.
• Create a Table and Search data from table using React Js ? 
==>